[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna take a look at the 2020
psychological thriller vivarium if you
ever find yourself digging an endless
pit of existential despair consider
subscribing to the channel let's get to
it
we open on a nest where a cuckoo is late
its egg
upon hatching it manages to come out on
top forcing the momma bird to waste her
best spring feeding and caring for it
this is referred to as foreshadowing and
it happens right outside the classroom
where Gemma teaches providing a prime
opportunity to educate one of her Utes
about the cruel unforgiving reality of
nature that's nature that's just the way
things are it just so happens that this
one tree is the one tree that her
husband Tom happens to be in in some
town foolery ensues come on mr. tree
wants to get to know you he buries the
chickling in the most shallow of graves
before they head off to the office of a
nearby real estate developer where they
meet Martin the most natural and normal
human person you're likely to ever meet
he quickly lures them in with his charms
good we're all happy then and leads them
to their new development they arrive at
a meticulous suburban neighborhood
filled with identical Lots that seemed
to go on forever and while this doesn't
fit their bohemian lifestyle they do
humor Martin with a tour of the premise
right when they find themselves looking
for a way out they run into some luck as
Martin has managed to creepily slink
away without them for reasons unknown as
they try to take advantage of this
opportunity they find that they're
disoriented by the uniformity of the
houses and try as they might they always
end up back at unit 9 this goes on until
they run out of gas with no reception
and quickly draining phone batteries
they have few options left
so they bunk down for the night the next
morning Tom attempts to get a better
vantage point but can't see the end of
it they use the Sun as a directional
guide and cut a straight path through
the hood they do this until the Sun Goes
Down never getting to the edge of the
development but finally finding some
differentiation as they arrive at a
house with lights on it ends up being
unit 9 but this time they have a blue
apron delivery out front however instead
of enjoying delicious pre-measured meals
at an affordable price Tom uses the full
house to send up a significant smoke
signal they wake up the next morning
covered in ash with the
delivery made right in their faces and
this time it's not food and they learn a
simple rule about their confinements as
the situation unfolds we see they're
raising a little Martin and we learn it
hasn't been terribly long although
certainly maddening especially at
mealtime tom attempts to await their
waste retrieval so he can brain whoever
shows up with his pickaxe and while
doing so he makes an odd discovery in
the fervor of engaging in this new
project he misses the box pickup but his
undeterred in his new hole so Jemma
leaves Tom to his landscaping efforts
they continue with your usual ways
sitting digging consuming relatable
content they even have temporary
reprieve from their beige existence when
they realize the car still has juice
resulting in an impromptu hop dancing
classic summer concert festival style
but as with everything else it's ruined
by the boy the next morning they chew
their tasteless cud and continue to grow
distant this eventually leads to Tom
drawing distinct boundaries and choosing
to take on his digging project alone and
as Tom descends into his pit of solitude
gemma is left with nothing to occupy her
time but the boy who we now come to
recognize as a master of cook will dream
one day Gemma discovers him missing she
searches the neighborhood eventually
finding him back at the hole holding a
book of unknown origin it's filled with
a strange lexicon and images that imply
he's got nothing but Z chromosomes he
says he got it from a stranger but he's
know how to say hoo and turning his
penchant for mimicry into a game she
gets him to impersonate her and Tom and
dog leaving only the newcomer in his
repertoire but she regrets asking as she
immediately hits her limit for
existential horror soon enough the boy
has lost his boyish charms whatever they
may have been Tom's been working his
body to death and Gemma has a new game
she plays where she tries to follow the
boy to wherever he goes each day but
fails her enthusiasm wanes as Tom
finally makes progress uncovering a
shrink-wrapped body in his hole in a
strange shake-up to their routine they
find the one place they can always
return to locks with old boy in there
watching what for him must be porn the
next day they take some time for
themselves sunbathing smoking and
reminiscing about the wind and the first
time they met things begin to get
melodramatic I kind of felt like I was
home but before it goes too far Tom
kicks off
mildly upsetting Gemma when the boy
returns he offers up a dry-cleaning bag
for Tom and unceremoniously dumps him
into the hole and now we gotta end this
thing
so Gemma comes at him with a pickaxe and
then follows him backstage to see how
the sausage gets made
she traverses several houses where
similar scenarios are ongoing before
arriving back at her home where she
gasps for air on the ground like a baby
bird the boy then disposes of her body
and prepares the house for its next
occupants then he goes back to the
office and becomes the new Martin after
disposing of his desiccated and used up
vessel and he waits patiently for the
next bata to cook my areum was a movie
with some big and broad ideas but that
suffered a bit in their implementation
sometimes the character driven portions
seemed rushed in order to get all the
pieces for the screen metaphor in place
if you enjoyed the video I'd love for
you to become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching